Modify EL batching to doc-wise streaming approach (#12367)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/entitylinker.mdx

| `entity_vector_length`                              | Size of encoding vectors in the KB. Defaults to `64`. ~~int~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `use_gold_ents`                                     | Whether to copy entities from the gold docs or not. Defaults to `True`. If `False`, entities must be set in the training data or by an annotating component in the pipeline. ~~int~~                                                                                                                             |
| `get_candidates`                                    | Function that generates plausible candidates for a given `Span` object. Defaults to [CandidateGenerator](/api/architectures#CandidateGenerator), a function looking up exact, case-dependent aliases in the KB. ~~Callable[[KnowledgeBase, Span], Iterable[Candidate]]~~                                         |

> | `get_candidates_batch` <Tag variant="new">3.5</Tag> | Function that generates plausible candidates for a given batch of `Span` objects. Defaults to [CandidateBatchGenerator](/api/architectures#CandidateBatchGenerator), a function looking up exact, case-dependent aliases in the KB. ~~Callable[[KnowledgeBase, Iterable[Span]], Iterable[Iterable[Candidate]]]~~ |

Reviewer: We probably need to make a note somewhere about `get_candidates_batch` and what it was for spaCy 3.5+, in case users don't switch to 4.x

Reviewer: Maybe we could have an info box somewhere that documents the "old" `get_candidates_batch` as well as the old typing of `get_candidates`.

Author: Like [here](https://github.com/explosion/spaCy/pull/12367/commits/5f87b6a915f7109e1eea00a30845a6eabb1f9808)?

> | `labels_discard`                                 | NER labels that will automatically get a "NIL" prediction. Defaults to `[]`. ~~Iterable[str]~~                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `labels_discard`                                 | NER labels that will automatically get an "NIL" prediction. Defaults to `[]`. ~~Iterable[str]~~                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | `n_sents`                                        | The number of neighbouring sentences to take into account. Defaults to 0. ~~int~~                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `n_sents`                                        | The number of neighbouring sentences to take into account. Defaults to `0`. ~~int~~                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> | `incl_prior`                                     | Whether or not to include prior probabilities from the KB in the model. Defaults to `True`. ~~bool~~                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `incl_prior`                                     | Whether prior probabilities from the KB are included in the model. Defaults to `True`. ~~bool~~                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | `incl_context`                                   | Whether or not to include the local context in the model. Defaults to `True`. ~~bool~~                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `incl_context`                                   | Whether the local context is included in the model. Defaults to `True`. ~~bool~~                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | `model`                                          | The [`Model`](https://thinc.ai/docs/api-model) powering the pipeline component. Defaults to [EntityLinker](/api/architectures#EntityLinker). ~~Model~~                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `model`                                          | The [`Model`](https://thinc.ai/docs/api-model) powering the pipeline component. Defaults to [`EntityLinker`](/api/architectures#EntityLinker). ~~Model~~                                                                                                                                      |
```

> | `use_gold_ents`                                  | Whether to copy entities from the gold docs or not. Defaults to `True`. If `False`, entities must be set in the training data or by an annotating component in the pipeline. ~~int~~                                                                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `use_gold_ents`                                  | Whether entities are copied from the gold docs. Defaults to `True`. If `False`, entities must be set in the training data or by an annotating component in the pipeline. ~~int~~                                                                                                        |
```

| `save_activations` <Tag variant="new">4.0</Tag>  | Save activations in `Doc` when annotating. Saved activations are `"ents"` and `"scores"`. ~~Union[bool, list[str]]~~                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `threshold` <Tag variant="new">3.4</Tag>         | Confidence threshold for entity predictions. The default of `None` implies that all predictions are accepted, otherwise those with a score beneath the treshold are discarded. If there are no predictions with scores above the threshold, the linked entity is `NIL`. ~~Optional[float]~~                                                    |

<Infobox variant="warning">

Prior to spaCy v4.0 `get_candidates()` returns a single `Iterable` of candidates
for one specific mention, i. e. the function was typed as

> `Callable[[KnowledgeBase, Span], Iterable[Candidate]]`. To retrive candidates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Callable[[KnowledgeBase, Span], Iterable[Candidate]]`. To retrieve candidates
```
